[Docs] Fix sphinx installation guide (#11047)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/contributing/documentation/overview.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip3 install -U sphinx
    $ pip3 install sphinx_copybutton

Then run ``sphinx-build -b html ./docs ./docs/build`` and view the generated HTML files in the ``docs/build`` directory. You can open them in your browser and check how they look!

.. warning::

>     If you have problems with using ``Sphinx``, probably you have old version that using ``Python 2``, or you don't have ``Python 3``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have problems with using ``Sphinx``, please make sure that you're using Python 3.
```

>     Using ``Pip``, try uninstall old dependencies and install latest version Python and Sphinx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using ``pip``, try to uninstall old dependencies and install latest version Python and Sphinx.
```
